= gazer

* http://github.com/teejayvanslyke/gazer

== DESCRIPTION:

Poor man's aspect-oriented programming for Ruby.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Elegant DSL
* before & after pointcuts.
* Rails integration.

== ROADMAP:

* Locking down Object monkeypatching scheme.
* Mutations API to allow accessing methods at any point in their mutation lifecycle.
* More selectors and pointcuts.
* Regular-expression-based pointcuts.
* <tt>:only</tt> and <tt>except</tt> options for Rails helper.

== SYNOPSIS:

Gazer's DSL is accessible to subclasses of Gazer::Aspect::Base.

  class LoggingAspect < Gazer::Aspect::Base

    before instances_of(Article) => :create do |point|
      puts "Creating article"
    end

    after instances_of([Article, Comment]) => :save do |point|
      puts "Saved #{point.object}."
    end

  end

I have also provided a Rails generator for generating aspects for 
your project.  Simply execute the following:

  $ script/generate aspect logging

A template will be created at <tt>app/aspects/logging_aspect.rb</tt> 
for your aspect-oriented pleasure.

To include an aspect for a given controller, use the aspect class method:

  class MyController < ApplicationController
    aspect :logging
  end

== INSTALL:

  $ sudo gem install teejayvanslyke-gazer

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 T.J. VanSlyke

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
